list1
1. the bullet points turned to unfilled circles.
2. moved the circles to the left.
3. changed empty circles to a filled square.
4. leaves the list with no bullet points.
5. returned the full circle bullet points and put a red box around it.
6. the items shifted left.
7. returns the items to the original position.
8. removes bullets and shifts everything to as far left as it can go.

list.li
1. provides a box around the lists that is black and dashed.
2. the padding spaces the lists out, making it look like double spaced.
3. the margins got smaller and the width of the dashed box shrunk.
4. the lists were spaced out again, bullets were visible and each box was seperated more.
5. makes the elements horizontal on one line.not bulleted.
6. goes back to vertical, no bullets.
7. went back to horizontal, spaced, all on one line, no bullets dashed box stayed the same.

testdivposition
1. this tells the browser to move the element relative to its existing position in the normal flow.
2. this moved the entire red box to the right, making the left side of the box start at 100 on the ruler.
3. moving it to the right makes the left part of the box exit the screen.
4. by adding a top property to 100px this brings the box further down the page.
5. by adding a left property o 200 px it centers the box a little more in the middle of the page.
6. by removing the top and left propertys the container goes back to what we started with.
7. by making the property absolute this does not change what the screen looks like but it is letting the broswer know about what is about to come.
8. By adding a 0px to the top property, it moves the container to the top of the page overlapping the writting.
9. by setting the right property to 0px, this moves the box to the lower right hand corner.
10. brings the box a little more over.
11. remove the top property.
12.by making the bottom property 0px this brought the container back to the left and took it up the page a little bit.
13. I changed the bottom border to 220px inorder to see the 13th step. It brought up the container on the page.

Columns
1. by setting both float properties right, the two columns shift to the right of the screen.
2. by floating both left, they shift back over to the left.
3. the red goes to the right of the screen and the maroon stays on the left of the page.
4. testDiv1 is bigger then testdiv2 and test div 1 is on top of 2.
5. I set the width to 400% and it was out of the page barely. 380% worked a lot better.
6. If I change the length of the page, the boxes go out of screen and my screen said it had a problem configuring.
7. When using different padding and margin settings there were some percents that fit and some had a hard time.
8-11. when making these four steps we see a third column arrive and when we do what the directions say we see the columns shift in accordance to the directions. 
